- Do you want to do a thousand episodes?
Are you good with that?
(laughing)
- We'll see, we'll get to 100 first.
- Okay, yeah, good.
- If I saw like you by then.
- Baby steps, if you still like me.
(laughing)
- It's a change.
- We might lose our audience right here.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It was a good run.
(upbeat music)
- Yeah, it only was FM.
I feel like you just ended up talking to everyone,
but you were done.
- Yeah, I mean, well, I actually like,
it was the opposite for me.
I had so many people I wanted to talk to.
It got overwhelming, like just trying to like,
it's like who do you pick and who can come on win?
And I don't know, I probably had like 100 more people
I would have interviewed or talked with.
I did talk with a lot of people I wanted to talk with.
I mean, I was just trying to like, get it all in.
I was doing like three a week, like, I was doing games.
It was just a lot of work.
I'm looking back on it now,
thinking about how easy this podcast is
and how difficult that was.
- Well, people really liked it.
- Well, people like this.
This is, I think we've almost got as many downloads
as I got it on that one.
- Oh, okay.
Well, yeah, I guess we hit the same milestone
with like 10 times this effort.
That's like, that's a little less than in content
a lot of times.
- It really is.
Just care less, do less.
Be yourself, but don't be to yourself
'cause that can get you in trouble too.
- Like when you took off your shirt
and took a picture and posted it on Twitter.
- Okay, yeah, that's not what I was talking about.
Listen, I get in shape really easy.
It's a gift.
It's like my body, I've not done enough work
to be in the shape that I'm in.
It just happens really fast.
I've always been that way.
Like in school, like I had to play sports
because I was just tall.
I was like twice as tall as anybody,
especially in middle school, I shot up immediately.
I've been this height since I was like 12.
I was taller than like my third grade teacher
and I've been this height ever since.
But like, I was a big kid.
It was a big kid.
I was already tall.
And I was just like, I looked like a college athlete.
I just had like a body I didn't deserve.
So I had to play sports and I never really was that into it.
Like I didn't really wanna,
I probably wouldn't have played sports
if I weren't just like, - Really?
People made me because I was tall.
It was peer pressure.
But it's great in adulthood.
Like I don't have to do that much.
And I feel like, wow, I'm getting fit.
- My body is similar in that I have to work out to gain weight.
Like if I stop paying attention,
like I don't like get fat, I get skinnier
'cause my body naturally wants to be
at like a pretty skinny zone.
And people hate that.
- I was gonna say, people are gonna hate this episode.
We're like, I don't do anything.
I get fit.
I lose weight.
I don't know what to do.
I'm gonna work out so I don't get too small.
- Yeah.
(laughs)
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- We might lose our whole audience right here.
That was good one.
- Yeah, yeah.
It was a good run.
Maybe we'll pick up like a fitness audience.
Maybe a bunch of people who like aspire to be into fitness.
- Nah, yeah.
I mean, I don't know if we're there yet,
but there's some people at my gym then just unreal.
Some unreal, like beasts.
- Oh yeah.
- That's why I don't go to gyms.
I go to gym, like if I go to gym one time,
I'm just demotivated and I never wanna go back.
'Cause you just, you gotta start somewhere
and that's the hard part about going to a gym.
If you're going for the first time,
you're probably not that fit.
So you're gonna look like an idiot
trying to lift anything in these people in there,
like bouncing off the walls and throwing weight
through the air.
Like, I'm just not gonna do it.
I've always had something in my home
where I can work out at home,
which I guess is privilege, but.
- It's a big hurdle.
I used to, like, would stop me from going to the gym a lot.
And I think I even, like, worked out on my own
to, like, work up into the gym.
But you just get past the point
where, like, you're pretty comfortable in there
and it doesn't really matter.
You're mostly just impressed by some of those people
and it's like they're looking at you
and judging you for being weak.
But yeah, there's some people,
'cause I, 'cause I, so I technically go to a crossfit gym.
I mostly do solo stuff here.
- I was gonna ask.
I wanted to bring it up.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(laughing)
So there's some people there that compete
in the crossfit games.
And yes, everyone does across at me.
Everyone finds crossfit people, annoying, blah, blah.
But just straight up, like, the people that compete
in those games are, like, some of the fittest people
on the planet.
Like, it just tests so many different aspects of fitness.
So if you're at that level, you're incredible.
And there's one guy there that I think,
I don't think it's at the highest levels,
but he's, like, pretty close.
And I just cannot believe, like, the level endurance he has.
Like, like, I don't go to the classes there often.
I just do my own thing.
But I was in a class one time with him.
And we had a workout that would take me, like, 40 to 50 minutes.
And I wouldn't even really finish it.
I would, like, kind of, like, taper off towards the end
and, like, cut what I was doing a little bit.
He literally finished the whole thing in 20 minutes
and then went back to his own thing.
(laughing)
And I just could not believe how fast he was going
through this stuff.
And I was like, man, people get, like, the peak
of what you can do is so insane.
- Yeah, I guess if I lived in Miami
and I got to watch, like, elite crossfitters,
I might be into it.
But, I don't know, the Ozarks, maybe less of that.
Oh, there's probably some people.
I'm not giving them credit.
There's a lot of, like, just corn fed strength
here in the US.
It's like, they come from the fields
and they're already huge and ripped.
And, yeah.
- My previous gym in New York,
it's got, other than a neighborhood that was,
I don't have kids, but other than a neighborhood
that was, like, everyone had, like, a two or three-year-old,
like, kind of, like, first child, like, new parents.
Yeah, the gym I would go to there.
It was, like, it was a completely different vibe.
It was, everyone there was clearly
to try to squeeze in, like, 20 minutes of something
just so, like, not completely fall apart.
And, when I was there, I felt like one of the more fit people.
So, that was motivating in a different way, I think.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You gotta be kind of, like, in the middle.
If you're on the extremes, there's probably less.
Like, if you're super fit and you go into the gym,
what motivates you, I guess?
Like, how do you not just feel like--
- Do you feel like--
- I'm good.
- Yeah, right.
Just look in the mirror.
(groans)
It's like when you're doing a lot of streaming on Twitch.
I know you're doing that partner grind.
I know, like, once I got partner,
I didn't care to stream anymore.
It's amazing, the effect.
It's like, once you've made it,
it just kind of, I don't know, what am I doing now?
I got other stuff to do.
- I just wanna do weirder things.
I feel trapped right now.
I feel like there's a certain time of day.
I can only stream, and if I stream in off hours,
and it hurts my progress, and--
- Yep. - Yeah, so, I wanna get past it,
'cause I have a bunch of weirder things I wanna do
that might not land at all, so.
- Maybe that's the key, though.
Maybe that's what would just unlock crazy growth
and people would be showing up from all over it.
But I know exactly what you're talking about.
I never wanted to do anything off the normal schedule.
I just wanted to keep the pattern.
And it was nice, as soon as I got partner,
I remember doing an afternoon stream,
and it's just like, who cares?
Kind of if you want, I don't care.
- Yeah.
- But then for what?
It's so funny, like, Twitch is in the news,
where there's like, all this stuff through.
Yeah, I mean, do you understand?
I didn't do it all.
There was like a big, ah, they said bad things.
They're hostile to the community,
and then they were like, nevermind, sorry.
I've never seen such a quick reversal.
- Yeah, I am so confused by it.
So just to summarize, they basically put out a policy
that very clearly made it seem like they were attacking
people for getting their own sponsors,
so people that have their own things they promote,
their own ads they put up on an overlay,
which is pretty critical 'cause Twitch doesn't pay that much,
so finding your own sponsors a deal is for your niche,
like, makes a lot of sense, and obviously everyone does that.
So it felt, it's like, what the hell?
Like, why are they going after that?
That seems like really insane.
Obviously this is a bad idea.
But everything was phrased to make it sound
that's exactly like what they were doing.
But then they later clarified saying, oh, sorry,
that's like not what we meant.
Like, we were going after these weird third-party ad networks
that try to operate inside Twitch,
which I get, like, I get why they don't want to have that.
- Oh.
- Like, is this like the worst unforced error of all time?
Like, if that's, they were going for something so specific,
if that is true, and they accidentally did, like,
the worst thing ever.
Like, I don't even know how that happens,
and they reversed it, and there was a community,
you see on Twitter, they're, so they posted on Twitter,
like, we're sorry about this,
we've removed this from our terms of service, whatever.
- Yeah.
- Then Twitter slapped the community, you know, on it,
being like, they haven't actually done this.
(laughing)
- Oh, you see, wow.
So they're just trying to, like, say that they walked it back,
but they're potentially still hedging their bet,
they don't know what they're going to do.
- Maybe they didn't, actually, I have no idea what's going on.
It just seems like the dumbest unforced thing ever.
I don't know.
- So much outrage, right?
Like, people, I really respect that are not, like,
just reacting to everything they hear,
seem like they are pretty out on Twitch.
I mean, I've seen people discussing,
like, what are the alternatives, all that stuff.
Do you think that that actually happens?
Is it just not a good business?
- It's a terrible business.
It's such a bad business.
- Is it just that, like, streaming to the masses,
being able to, anybody, just being able to sign up
and start streaming, is just never going to be a thing.
Like, eventually that'll go away,
and it'll just be, like, big time personalities will stream,
'cause that's the only way to make money.
- I have no idea how this all shakes out,
'cause it means, like, streaming video.
I can't even understand how Twitch exists.
Like, you just let me go and do this,
and make, basically, no money off of me.
Maybe someone, okay.
Maybe they're making, like, basically nothing now.
Maybe they're covering whatever costs that I'm causing them.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, these live videos are so expensive,
and just to have, like, thousands of people streaming,
potentially tens of thousands of people streaming.
It's just, like, really cool concept.
I love it.
I love Twitch.
Like, I love the whole, like--
- I do too, yeah.
- That would exist, but it clearly has to be, like,
a lost leader for something else.
Like, I'm glad that Amazon owns Twitch,
because the whole thing with video streaming is,
everyone's like, let's build a competitor to Twitch,
but that means using some other video hosting infrastructure.
And those are all so expensive,
'cause this whole thing is so expensive.
It's not really reliable.
I think I did some quick math thing for Prime
for two hours streaming will cost them 240 bucks,
which maybe you could still come out ahead on that.
And you probably would, but it's expensive.
So the only way to build a business that does this
is to, like, go lower on down the stack
and, like, own your hardware,
and, like, put stuff in data centers.
I'm like, do you really want to do all that work
just so you can end up, like, Twitch,
like, struggling to make any amount of money?
It's just not a fun business.
- Yeah, it just occurred to me that, like, I don't know,
but why is it so expensive to stream video?
I was thinking of, like, TV, it's been around forever.
Well, how did they figure it out?
I guess physical infrastructure is, like,
piping cables to everybody's houses.
- Well, that's what I mean.
You have to go lower down the stack.
- I'll explain.
I didn't get that.
I didn't understand.
- The fastest way, 'cause at this point,
I don't want to start any business
where I have to, like, chip servers,
'cause that's just a not-fun business.
So I use-- - Oh, wow, yeah.
- Oh, wow, yeah.
- So I use, like, middlemen, like, AWS
or a Cloudflare or whatever.
- Uh-huh.
- But if you try to use them for live video,
it's, like, really expensive and not really viable for--
- Yeah.
- Like, only for, like, smaller things.
It's maybe viable.
So then you go back to the days of having to, like,
you know, like, manage your own servers,
and, like, manage your data centers,
and, like, write, like, low-level code
that does all this stuff, so--
- So the cable company, you're saying, like,
the cable company is just, like,
they got their own physical infrastructure.
That's being as low to the stack as you can be.
- Yeah, and I think Twitch also has, like,
their own physical infrastructure,
now they're owned by AWS, so there's, like,
you know, AWS has the lowest cost of any company
on the planet for infrastructure, so--
- I guess that's probably the only reason Twitch is viable.
Still, they're still alive, is that AWS can,
with their scale, they can actually--
- Yeah.
And I don't even know how much they've moved onto AWS's stuff,
but, yeah, like, long-term, it's, like,
those are gonna be the lowest cost of anyone on the planet.
- Yeah.
- I don't know.
So, yeah, it's just a terrible business,
but also, it's just, like, there's that side of it,
but also, it's so clearly, like, it feels like a company,
just from seeing the people that have worked there
that have talked about it, it's, like,
they're so clearly in that stage where they're, like, done.
They're, like, not really gonna do anything great again.
It's, like, everyone at the company is, like,
hmm, just, like, a post doing anything good company,
like, they're trying to, like, automatically,
every, like, little thing.
I kind of find things for this.
- Post doing anything good.
- Yeah.
- I've been calling them legacy companies,
but, I don't know, I gotta find a good new company.
- It's really, like, it's so parallels.
Oh, this is gonna sound agist.
But it's so parallel, like, companies and humans
are just, like, living organisms are so similar.
Like, they, I just always thought, like,
companies live forever.
Have I talked about this with you?
There's some book.
- Yeah, no.
The company's, like, like, 30-year lifespan
once they go public or something like that.
- Oh, it's even less, I think.
- Oh, you want to see that?
- Oh, it's even less.
Like, companies die and you just assume
all the things you grew up with, like,
all the things, you know, we've enjoyed the internet
for the last 10 years, that they'll just be here forever,
but they won't.
And it's kind of crazy.
It's rare that companies make it to 50 years
and 100 generations of super, yeah.
- Yeah.
- I mean, even on, like, a low on a small scale,
this happens to you, right?
I know so many situations where someone starts
a very successful company.
And let's say it's, like, a $50 million company.
I mean, it's like a small business type of company,
a consulting company or, like,
some kind of local business that reaches that scale.
And once they retire, nobody in the family
really wants to get over it and they just sell it
and it just goes away.
So it's hard to make something last past your own life
even when you're successful.
- From the same book, did you know,
or did you ever think about the fact that cities,
cities do live forever?
- Oh, so you're talking about that book's scale?
- Yeah, I am.
You just guessed based on the few points that I made.
That's awesome.
- I guess what I learned when I read this book.
- Are you serious?
- Yep.
- Is it a dumb book?
Or is it in the news for being terrible?
- No, it's not a dumb book.
So me and Liz have this really fun relationship
where I have only read, like, 10 books.
Like, I even read a lot of books
and I've only read a good one.
- Yeah.
- Liz claims I'm under-accounting,
but I swear I read, like, 10 books.
Yes, no, they were not fiction.
The idea, but they were really, really good books.
And, like, the ideas show up
in a lot of other stuff, constantly.
And so she reads a ton and she summarizes stuff for me.
And it's amazing 'cause I don't have to read the whole book
'cause I have a terrible attendance band
and I hate reading.
So she just summarized to me and I can, like,
piece it together based off of, like, you know,
the knowledge and the 10 books that I have.
And scale is one of the ones she's read.
And, yeah, the city's never die thing.
The whales with the cancer.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
Yeah, it's an interesting book.
It's funny, as you say that, like,
you spend, I just listen to them on Audible.
I don't really, like, sit down with a physical book.
- Yeah, Liz is the same thing, yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
But, like, you can listen to a book fast
and kind of, like, burn through 'em.
You go on some walks.
But, like, eight-hour book, you know,
that's, I'm gonna say that's an average book on Audible.
Eight hours.
And there's, like, three paragraphs of insight.
It's all so fluffy.
Like, you could just read the spark notes or whatever.
It wouldn't be the same experience, but, like,
you really can just tell somebody, like,
the gist of a book, and they might as well have read it.
I guess that's, like, the good part of, like,
human knowledge and sharing and the internet.
It's very quickly, we can all, like,
raise the floor for humanity.
That just got really, like, philosophical or something.
I'm not that person.
- That's why I've only read so few books,
'cause only so few books that, like, should have been a book
and that there's enough ideas in there
to tell us a book.
- Now you gotta tell us the books.
Like, do you remember the 10 specific books?
They're just, like-- - Oh, you're embarrassed.
'Cause they're not actually that good.
You just built it up, like, there's--
(laughing)
It's, like, the art of war, then Moby Dick.
What have you read?
Come on, give me a book. - No, okay, let me think.
So they're not secret.
They're, like, some of the most popular books ever.
- Yeah, that's why I figured.
- Zero to one, of course.
Everyone can make fun of me for that one.
- A bunch of it to let books.
I think those are pretty dense.
They're all pretty unrelated.
- Oh, yeah.
You're one of those guys.
Sorry, I'm just learning so much about that.
- I went through my videos and when you first get on Twitter,
everyone starts to read the same books.
- No, it's just, it's like, people who, like,
have read all his books, they sort of, like,
they're kind of like a club.
I don't know.
They, like, talk about him a lot.
You don't ever talk about him, though, so interesting.
Keep going.
- More books. - No.
- Is that it?
(laughing)
- But I do read, when I've read his books,
I feel like he's really smart,
and I feel like you're really smart, so it makes sense.
- Yeah, people hate his writing style, though,
'cause he's, like, such a dick.
- He is, yeah.
- Yeah, but I also love that, unsurprisingly.
- He also talks about, like, the fictitious,
like, Frankie and all these people.
I don't know.
- He's obsessed with, like, mob culture.
- Yeah. - He's always, like, yeah.
- But he seems brilliant.
He really does.
- No, he is super smart,
and people get a little bit cynical about him,
but he's, like, consistently had, like, really good perspectives
on, like, things across, like, a huge amount of time, so.
- Do you read fiction books?
You said, like, non-fiction.
Do you read fiction books just for fun?
- I still don't read that much fiction.
I read, like, maybe a couple of years at most.
Maybe, like, one or two. - I never read fiction books.
So that's, you've read way more.
- I read a lot of sci-fi. - Oh, sci-fi.
Oh, I guess, when I was younger,
I read, like, Michael Kriton stuff.
- I always like this stuff.
Jurassic Park, timeline, or whatever.
I've read a few of his books.
- I didn't read either of those.
I read, like, there was, like, swarm.
It was, like, the little nanobot things.
It should've made a movie on that one.
I mean, Jurassic Park was one of the best movies ever.
I don't need to read the book.
It was, like, so good.
- Yeah, yeah, so, you know, it's nothing special,
and I can't even recall the titles of most of these books.
You're just, like, I think the reality is you can read
any 10 books of, like, the most popular books
in this category, and, like, it's the same idea
to show up over and over.
It's just up to you to, like, internalize them well.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, I think people have a good idea,
and they're forced to inflate it into a whole book,
'cause otherwise, like, what are you gonna sell for 20 books?
- Yeah.
- But it's, like, usually when I read a book,
within the first 30 minutes, I'm, like,
convinced of their idea.
I'm, like, this is a good idea,
and I agree with you, and I, and your rights.
Then, like, the next seven hours is just them, like,
giving you too many examples.
I'm, like, I'm already convinced.
I'm already convinced.
So, yeah, it's very few books, I think, should be books.
I was just thinking, like, if you're an author
and you have these ideas,
the alternative to writing a book,
is just, like, it could have been a Twitter thread.
And then I thought, like, somebody should make a Twitter account
that just, like, summarizes books, like, a thread per book.
That would do well. - Sure, that exists.
I feel like that's, it would be surprising, yeah.
- Yeah.
I guess it probably does exist.
- But, yeah, it's, I think, the next thing I was gonna say,
so I was, like, if I ever wrote a book,
you know what it would be about?
It would be taking these ideas that show up over and over,
and all of these books that are all super popular,
everyone's read them, everyone's like, you gotta read them,
and everyone says that they've read them.
I would take, maybe because he had dozens of the best ideas
from these books, and explain them simply,
and then explain why literally nobody actually,
like, digests this idea correctly,
'cause I feel like with all of these books,
the end advice is, was one true, a lot of was a minute,
very simple, right, these, it has always properties,
but very, very difficult to actually implement,
and what I've seen with most people is,
they'll read these book, these business books, whatever,
that are supposed to, like, help you do things better.
- Yeah.
- And it won't change their behavior,
it'll just give them words to rationalize
their existing behavior.
People are so good at, like, taking a good idea,
and explaining why they're already doing it,
versus, like, actually doing it.
- Yeah.
- So, I'd love to, like, write a book,
just call it, that's called, like, you're doing it wrong,
and then just-- - Oh, man.
I can see it, Dax, I can see it on the airport shelves.
- I think, like, ultimately, you're really good
at distilling stuff and presenting it.
I think if you did a book, there was, like, 10 chapters,
and there's, like, 10 books, the 10 books you've ever read.
But, like, each chapter, like you said,
does the whole one book, so the whole book would be dense.
There would be no fluff. - Yeah.
- Because, like, you don't have anything,
you don't have, like, one point that you're trying to bolster,
you just have, like, these 10 major principles or whatever.
I love it, I'm sold.
- 12 rules. - That's actually why I like zero to one,
because each chapter was, like, I felt like a non-sequitur,
it would just be, like, one random idea,
then, like, another random idea, and then, like, another reason,
because there were a bunch of lectures that were compiled,
so it wasn't supposed to be a book.
- Oh, I didn't know that.
- Yeah, there were a bunch of lectures,
and then this guy compiled it,
and then, recently, that guy ran for a governor in Arizona,
or something in Arizona, and he was, like, extremely weird,
and looked like-- (laughs)
I honestly, like, looking at the guy recently,
I feel like I think they cloned Peter Thiel,
and, like, improved his genetics.
He looks like genetically modified Peter Thiel
that there's spouts off here with the other ideas,
but, like, he's, like, more handsome,
and his skin is, like, more, like, is better, I don't know.
Sometimes something weird happened there.
- His skin is better?
- He just has, like, this, like, really smooth skin,
and, like, he's taller and skinnier, and it's weird.
- Huh, okay, you need to send this to me after we get off here.
- His name is Blake Masters.
That's his name.
I can't, is that a real name?
- Have you heard of Brian Johnson?
- That sounds like a fake name, although.
- That sounds so generic.
I hope I got the name right.
Brian Johnson, he had, like, an exit.
I want to say he sold, like, Venmo or something?
No, that's not him.
No, that's not the guy.
Maybe it's not Brian Johnson.
He's the guy that spends, like,
he spends $2 million a year on his body.
He just, like, is obsessed.
- Oh, yes, you didn't have seen him.
I've seen him. - What's his name?
Yeah, and he eats, like, in this insane way, and, like...
- Yeah.
- He's, like, he's hooked up to all these things all day.
Like, sensors.
- Yeah, his body looks like he's, like, a 16-year-old.
- Yeah, his cellular age is, like...
It's de-aged by, like, seven years or something stupid like that.
It is Brian Johnson.
It's just spoke kind of funny.
His skin, it made me think of it when you said it's skin.
His skin, like, glows.
He looks like an elf from Lord of the Rings.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Like, no joke.
I'm going to send you the picture.
I'm looking at it right now.
- He does.
He looks like he's going to live forever.
But then the question is, if you could live forever...
- Yes, I'll do it.
- For real?
- Yeah, in an instant.
I'm so afraid of dying.
- Wait, what?
You're afraid of dying?
We never talked about this.
I mean, I guess everyone's afraid of dying.
- Yeah, well, because I don't like talking about it.
- Let's not talk about it.
You would live forever.
'Cause my wife talks about how, like...
I don't know, she's just tired sometimes.
I don't know, that sounds...
- Yeah, this feels the same way, I think.
- Yeah, it's like, I wouldn't want to live to be 150.
That's like, that's so many lifetimes.
And it's really true, like, life span has increased a ton
in the last 100 years, right?
I know the whole world's catching up.
Like in the leading nations,
like the average lifespan, is it doubled?
From like 50 to 100 in the last 100 years,
something stupid like that?
Not 100, sorry, the life span's not 100,
but like people live to be 100.
Life span's like 70 something now, I don't know.
It went from like 40 to 70, it was something crazy.
- Yeah.
- And well, there is that like, what 12 year old thing,
which is like, actually, that's 'cause babies were dying
and that was bringing down the average.
- Oh, is that true?
So people weren't really dying at 45.
- I mean, I'm sure it's, yeah, I'm sure it has increased.
I don't know, like what the literal practical number is.
- I'm just wondering, like, if our brain is prepared
to be alive for 150 years or 120 years or whatever.
Like...
- I'm down to find out.
- Okay.
- Yeah, like, why not?
- Well, I mean, some people say, like longevity
is just, there's no upper bound,
we're just gonna keep going.
- The thing I think about is, what a waste,
what a loss it is when someone dies
in terms of like the resources and stuff
that took to get someone to like be born
and to like learn everything they learned
and like to make all the mistakes
and eventually become someone with like skill
and knowledge and wisdom, et cetera.
And then they just die and then you start over.
Like imagine if like Einstein, like another 100 years,
like I wonder what he would have done
and imagine like the greatest people on earth,
like if they had like another 100 years of like learning
and growing, like, I think from that perspective.
- Interesting, I never thought of it like that.
- Yeah.
- I mean, it's also good that like bad people die.
And they're not around forever, like you can always rely on.
- But what is bad, Dax?
What is a bad, what is a bad person?
- I don't know.
I mean, no, I don't know.
I know what you're talking about.
I don't know why that's the question.
(laughing)
- I think I just started trying.
- I don't know, it's good that you died.
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
Okay, there's bad.
I don't know where I was saying over there.
This is, we've been all over the place.
This one, I don't know, this has made a tough title.
- Well, I got one more thing to talk about.
- Okay.
- Well, we actually talked about it earlier
'cause we were talking about Twitch,
but speaking of companies that are just like messing up,
did you see all the Reddit API stuff?
- No.
- So Reddit, some app developed,
I didn't look into the details.
So I don't know what these numbers actually translate to,
but he builds a very popular third party app for Reddit,
which is important because Reddit sucks in so many ways.
So third party apps are very popular.
Reddit told him it's gonna cost him $20 million a year
to continue using the API.
- Yeah.
What was the app?
- I don't remember.
- 'Cause I've got a friend who, he worked at Zapier.
Zapier?
- I don't know.
I figure Zapier 'cause they're called Zaps.
- Oh yeah, okay, Zapier.
So we worked together, his name's Grant.
And he left Zapier because his, it's called Postpone.
His like Reddit scheduling tool was like making
as much as his salary and like he's doing really well with it.
But if, I don't know if he's gonna start paying
a ton in the API, I'd love to know.
- Yeah.
So it's like another example of like Twitter,
like companies trying to clamp down on their API.
And again, this is a really great example of,
I kind of find the right word for this.
Like a company hits their peak.
And from there, it just, the only level where the company
are a bunch of like micro-optimizers,
like they just shut it like,
cling on to what they have and like,
eke out every dollar from it.
'Cause they know that they are just not capable of
ever creating anything bigger or better or newer.
- It's so weird.
Like I don't understand the principles
that like why big companies can't keep doing cool things.
Can't they just hire a bunch of people
who've never done anything to come in and do their first thing?
Why is it everybody gets one first thing?
- I don't think, I think the issue is that
there's all these forces that show up
once you're starting to be successful,
that push you into becoming a quote unquote grown up company.
But these things also guarantee that
you're just hit your maximum and you're gonna go past that.
Like, yeah, I think the issue is most of the world
is represented by this category of person.
So I think that becomes successful.
Eventually, those people are gonna outnumber you.
They show up all around you.
They start to work at your company
and start to pull you in a different way.
So yeah, I think that's why you see founders leave,
like the Reddit founder hasn't been there in forever.
- Ah, yeah.
- So again, this is another situation where it's like,
I think to anyone that's like in like a builder mindset,
like you would never make a practice hard or charge for it.
- Right.
- Anyone building a cool thing,
cynically it's, they're doing private research for you.
You can just snipe their features and put them in
once they've outdated it.
And two, like it's such like a boost
to your ecosystem and your audience and everything.
And that should overpower the fact that,
oh, technically we can make a couple million dollars
if we start charging this.
But yeah, I think once you reach certain points,
people just don't have any ideas for anything new.
So they're just like, well, that all we have
is to start charging for API if we wanna make more money.
So they're just the signals that you start to get
from companies you know they're never really gonna do
anything great again.
- Yeah.
- And Rhett's been that way for a long time with like,
I like to have stopped, I used to use them a lot.
I haven't used them much at all in like the past five years.
- Yeah, I don't really use Reddit.
The only time I've ever been on Reddit is like,
oh, when I did something really cool,
I wanna put it on Reddit.
And then everybody's like, you can't do that.
You can't just pop in here and put something cool.
You gotta like be a member, a community member,
an upstanding citizen.
How'd you feel about this one?
- I think it's good.
I don't mind when we cover all sorts of things
and go all over the place.
- I don't either.
I don't really care.
- It's really a nice little roller coaster
for everyone, never know what to expect.
- I wish I could just name the title.
I would like if there's like a random episode namer tool.
I just don't even wanna make the name of the episodes
be topical, wouldn't that be fun?
So it's just like banana sandwich.
- Oh, yeah, like we picked a theme.
- Oh sure, a theme.
I meant like literally random words.
I don't know.
- Interesting.
- I like that.
- A theme could be good.
Like what is there like a hundred million of, yeah?
- Or okay, a million.
Yeah, that's a little more ambitious.
- Actually, no, I do think the title is kind of,
I can see people benefiting from the title.
- Okay, well you're not.
- Any fun.
- There you go.
- If you're trying to find the episode
where we talked about replica actually,
it's nice that there's this.
- I guess, yeah, I guess.
We should really put our transcript.
Okay, this is getting off the rails.
We should probably end this.
- I was gonna say we should put,
we should actually have a transcript
and put it on the website.
I don't know.
- Is that not something Transistor already does?
- I don't think so.
That has a place where you can upload one.
I feel like transcription, okay, we gotta stop.
We gotta stop.
We're about to start it up again.
- Up, stop, stop it.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]